git-squash: add page (#7361)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-squash.md

# git squash

> Squash N last changes up to a ref'ed commit.
> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-squash>.

> - Squash everything from soruce branch or commit reference into HEAD:

Reviewer: I think we should split this to 2 examples to be more clear. Also I think this description is better
```suggestion
- Squash everything from a specific branch info the current branch:
```

> `git squash {{source-branch|commit-ref}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git squash {{branch|commit}}`
```

> - Squash and commit with a given message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Squash the `n` latest commits and commit with a message:
```

> `git squash HEAD~3 "Commit message"`

Reviewer: Based on `git-commit` page
```suggestion
`git squash HEAD~{{n}} "{{message}}"`
```

> - Squash and concatenate all messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Squash the `n` latest commits and commit concatenating all messages:
```

> `git squash --squash-msg @~3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git squash --squash-msg @~{{n}}`
```

# git squash

> > Squash N last changes up to a ref'ed commit into current HEAD.

Reviewer 2: I feel like that's way more beginner-friendly.
```suggestion
> Squash multiple commits into a single commit.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-squash>.

> - Squash everything from a specific branch into the current branch:

Reviewer 2: I think that's a bit cleaner if you don't know what squashing is.
```suggestion
- Merge all commits from a specific branch into the current branch as a single commit:
```

> `git squash {{source-branch}}`

Reviewer: We use `snake_case` for placeholders
```suggestion
`git squash {{source_branch}}`
```

Reviewer: I'll apply this so can merge it.

> - Squash everything from a commit reference into the current branch:

Reviewer 2: The original sounds like it would squash all commits from all branches.
```suggestion
- Squash all commits starting with a specific commit on the current branch:
```
Also, this replaced all those commits with the squashed one right?

Author: That's right, at least in my observations testing the command to check the behaviour.

> `git squash {{commit-ref}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git squash {{commit-hash}}`
```

Author: I saw other places using the `commit-ref` term, would this change break consistency?

Reviewer: We use `commit|branch_name|ref` in a page, it's not the same, `ref` relates to a tag.
We use just `commit` for commit sha values.
```suggestion
`git squash {{commit}}`
```

- Squash the `n` latest commits and commit with a message:

`git squash HEAD~{{n}} "{{message}}"`

> - Squash the `n` latest commits and commit concatenating all messages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Squash the `n` latest commits and commit concatenating all individual messages:
```

> `git squash --squash-msg @~{{n}}`

Reviewer 3: Although `@` means `HEAD`, should we be consistent and use `HEAD` like we have used in the above examples ? (thoughts)
```suggestion
`git squash --squash-msg HEAD~{{n}}`
```

Author: That indeed can be good for consistency. I'll apply this change.
